---
title: Why a website
date: 2026-02-07
description: Bring back interesting-boring
draft: false
---
<p>A hallmark internet experience when I was in high school was visiting StumbleUpon, a website that served up random, interesting webpages.</p> <p>It's probably obvious where I am heading with this. StumbleUpon appears to have been bought out and turned into another junk app. The world of interesting websites it rabbitholed into has been replaced.</p> <p>To echo a now-common lament: the internet is now a much more contained (platforms) and homogenised (algorithms) experience. </p> <p>I have a strong dislike of social media, in particular its incentives and opaque rules. Being a believer that journalism requires getting information to people where they are, though, I see its function and have returned to the platforms in the past year to try grab a fraction of the attention being paid there.</p> <p>I've been especially unsuccessful at cracking the vertical video game, and getting better at this is one of the big goals for 2026.</p> <p>This website clearly serves a more boring function - it's essentially an expansive digital business card - and I expect near-zero traffic to this URL. I may not even write here much, if at all.</p> <p>So why a website? </p> <p>I figure it makes sense stake out a little spot on the world wide web that won't be subject to the algorithms and whims of the global platforms. </p> <p>The advent of AI coding tools has made doing this possible in a way that was previously expensive and lacklustre.</p>  <p>Meaning the possibility of the web being more interesting again is now in reach.</p>
